readme, docs: update architecture, logo, wording (#39544)
pingcap/tidb: README.md

## What is TiDB?

TiDB ("Ti" stands for Titanium) is an open-source distributed SQL database that supports Hybrid Transactional and Analytical Processing (HTAP) workloads. It is MySQL compatible and features horizontal scalability, strong consistency, and high availability.

- [Key features](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/overview#key-features)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [MySQL compatibility](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/mysql-compatibility)

For more details and latest updates, see [TiDB documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) and [release notes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/release-notes).

> For future plans, see [TiDB Roadmap](roadmap.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For future plans, see [TiDB roadmap](roadmap.md).
```

### Start developing TiDB

See the [Get Started](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/get-started/introduction.html) chapter of [TiDB Development Guide](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/index.html).

## Community

You can join the following groups and chats to discuss or ask TiDB related questions:

> - [TiDB Internals Forum](https://internals.tidb.io/)
> - [Slack Channel](https://slack.tidb.io/invite?team=tidb-community&channel=everyone&ref=pingcap-tidb)

Reviewer: Can we explain a bit about what these channels are for? For example:

```suggestion
- Learn the implementation and design on [TiDB Internals Forum](https://internals.tidb.io/)
- Seek help when you use TiDB
    - [Slack Channel](https://slack.tidb.io/invite?team=tidb-community&channel=everyone&ref=pingcap-tidb) (English & Japanese)
    - [TiDB User Group Forum (Chinese)](https://asktug.com)
    - [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tidb)
- Get the latest TiDB news
    - Follow [@PingCAP](https://twitter.com/PingCAP) on Twitter
    - Read [English Blog](https://en.pingcap.com/blog) and [Chinese Blog](https://pingcap.com/blog-cn/)
```

In addition, you may enjoy following:

- [@PingCAP](https://twitter.com/PingCAP) on Twitter
- Questions tagged with [#tidb on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tidb)
- The PingCAP [English Blog](https://www.pingcap.com/blog/?from=en) and [Chinese Blog](https://cn.pingcap.com/blog/)

For support, please contact [PingCAP](http://bit.ly/contact_us_via_github).

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: Can we provide a link to [good first issues](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) so that contributors can get started immediately?

The [community repository](https://github.com/pingcap/community) hosts all information about the TiDB community, including how to contribute to TiDB, how the TiDB community is governed, how teams are organized, etc.

[<img src="docs/contribution-map.png" alt="contribution-map" width="180">](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-map/blob/master/maps/contribution-map.md#tidb-is-an-open-source-distributed-htap-database-compatible-with-the-mysql-protocol)

> Contributions are welcomed and greatly appreciated. All the contributors are welcomed to claim your reward by filing this [form](https://forms.pingcap.com/f/tidb-contribution-swag). See [Contribute to TiDB](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/introduction.html) for details on typical contribution workflows. For more contributing information, click on the contributor icon above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcomed and greatly appreciated. You are welcome to claim your reward by filing this [form](https://forms.pingcap.com/f/tidb-contribution-swag). See [Contribute to TiDB](https://pingcap.github.io/tidb-dev-guide/contribute-to-tidb/introduction.html) for details on typical contribution workflows. For more contributing information, click on the contributor icon above.
```
